README.md, before:

# Authonomy Project

## Introduction

Authonomy is an innovative middleware designed to revolutionize authorization management for application developers. This solution decouples authentication from authorization, enabling the use of decentralized authorization mechanisms through DIDs, VCs, and VPs.

## Features

- **Decoupled Authentication and Authorization**: Leverage popular authentication methods while managing authorization independently.
- **DID-Based Authorization**: Implement flexible and secure authorization using Decentralized Identifiers.
- **Verifiable Credentials**: Utilize Verifiable Credentials (VCs) and Verifiable Presentations (VPs) for robust access control.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Docker and Docker-compose

### Installation

#### Using Docker-Compose

```sh
   git clone https://github.com/singhhp1069/authonomy.git
   cd authonomy
   docker-compose up --build
 ```

## Documentation

Visit our GitHub Pages for detailed documentation.
Check out docs/markdown for markdown documentation.

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to Authonomy! Please read our Contributing Guidelines for more information on how to get involved.

## License

Commit message:

fix: mkdocs setup and docs fixes

README.md, after:

# Authonomy

Revolutionizing Authorization Management for Developers.

## Introduction

Authonomy is an innovative middleware designed to revolutionize authorization management for application developers. This solution decouples authentication from authorization, enabling the use of decentralized authorization mechanisms through DIDs, VCs, and VPs.

## Features

- **Decoupled Authentication and Authorization**: Leverage popular authentication methods while managing authorization independently.
- **DID-Based Authorization**: Implement flexible and secure authorization using Decentralized Identifiers.
- **Verifiable Credentials**: Utilize Verifiable Credentials (VCs) and Verifiable Presentations (VPs) for robust access control.

## Getting Started

### Prerequisites

- Docker and Docker-compose

### Installation

#### Using Docker-Compose

```sh
   git clone https://github.com/singhhp1069/authonomy.git
   cd authonomy
   docker-compose up --build
 ```

## Documentation

for the documentation please follow [https://singhhp1069.github.io/authonomy/](https://singhhp1069.github.io/authonomy)

## Contributing

We welcome contributions to Authonomy! Please read our Contributing Guidelines for more information on how to get involved.

### Important

- The project is for the demo purpose only, do not use for production.
- In some places there are hardcoded snippet.
